Add Documentation of the AppVeyor build process for NVDA forks (#16293)
nvaccess/nvda: projectDocs/dev/buildingNVDAOnAppveyor.md

* Modify the Appveyor configuration already included with NVDA to work for unofficial purposes.
* Tell Appveyor where to find the new repository.
* Configure Appveyor to find the config file.
* Try the first build!

## Getting started

If you haven't already, per the "Prerequisites" section above, fork a copy of the main [NVDA] repository into your GitHub account.
You can call your fork "NVDA", or "my_nvda", or whatever you want.
For the rest of this article, we will assume you have called it "nvda".

Next, clone the fork to your local dev environment, and perform the other setup tasks recommended in the [Contributing] document.

If you are using the "[gh]" tools for working with [GitHub] from the commandline, you can do both steps in one command with:

```sh
gh repo fork --clone=true --remote=true nvaccess/nvda -- --recurse-submodules
```

## Where to put the build file

In order to actually build NVDA, Appveyor has to be given a set of instructions to follow.
This is done using the `appveyor.yml` file, which is a text file in the [YAML] format.
(More on the format and content later.)

The most common placement for this file, is in the root directory of your repository.

> Unfortunately, since NV Access already uses Appveyor for official builds, it would be difficult to keep your build file in the root directory of your NVDA fork.This is because you will need to permanently change a few items in that file, and you wouldn't want that private build file "contaminating" your pull requests or diffs.

Reviewer: These sentences should preferably be each on its own line. If not there is a missing space:
```suggestion
Unfortunately, since NV Access already uses Appveyor for official builds, it would be difficult to keep your build file in the root directory of your NVDA fork. This is because you will need to permanently change a few items in that file, and you wouldn't want that private build file "contaminating" your pull requests or diffs.
```

Author: Thanks @lukaszgo1, missed that one. They are all supposed to be on their own lines.

However, you still might want to create, build, and test your own modifications to the NVDA codebase.

Cloud-based services are available to build software for those not wanting to build it locally, and this is an increasingly popular option in the software development field.
* [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions), is one example.
* Another example is [Appveyor], which is the service that NV Access itself uses to build NVDA's production versions, alphas, and to test pull requests submitted by the community.

It is [Appveyor] that we will be exploring below.
This document seeks to provide a set of step by step instructions, to enable anyone with a fork of NVDA to build it using the [Appveyor] platform, without requiring any local build environment beyond the fork itself.

## Structure of this document

In this document, all major sections are titled at heading level two.
Subsections are indicated at heading level three, and subsidiary items are given heading levels four and five.

That said, the best way to use this document, is to start at the beginning, and work your way through to the end, at least the first time you create an Appveyor build setup for NVDA.

> ## Prerequisites

Author: @seanbudd it is, though usually alternatives are given. Never the less it's a good idea, I have added a paragraph.

## Setting up the project on Appveyor

It's now time to log in to Appveyor, and configure the project.
Go to the [Appveyor sign-in page](https://ci.appveyor.com/login).

* If you created an account with an email address and password, enter them.
* If you used a developer account, such as your [GitHub] account as recommended above, choose that provider from the list on the page, and follow the prompts.
* If you have recently logged in from the same browser, you shouldn't have to log in again.

1. The default page for Appveyor, once you have logged in, is the projects page. If that's not where you ended up, find and go to the projects page.
2. Find and select "NEW PROJECT".
3. If you have not already authorized Appveyor as a Github app, select "GitHub" under the "Cloud" heading, and do so now.
    *(FixMe: more instructions may be needed here.)*
4. Move to the "Select repository for your new project" heading, and then to the heading representing your GitHub username.
5. Below that heading, you should find your GitHub repositories listed. Go to the one representing your NVDA fork.

> 6. This part is less than perfectly accessible via the usual methods: you will need to use NVDA+numpad divide, to route the mouse to the repository name, and then numpad divide to click on it.

Author: "Divide" falls outside of the backticks in your suggestion. I have modified the spacing and casing to reach your intended outcome.

```suggestion
6. This part is less than perfectly accessible via the usual methods: you will need to use `NVDA+NumpadDivide`, to route the mouse to the repository name, and then `NumpadDivide` to click on it.
```

> 6. This part is less than perfectly accessible via the usual methods: you will need to use NVDA+numpad divide, to route the mouse to the repository name, and then numpad divide to click on it.

Reviewer 2: Key commands should be written in lowerCamelCase

https://github.com/nvaccess/nvda/blob/master/projectDocs/dev/userGuideStandards.md#general-standards

The casing should be `numpadDivide`
